[2.6] Add notifiers to the notifications guide (#2181)
astronomer/docs: learn/rerunning-dags.md

If you want to deploy your DAG with catchup enabled but there are some tasks you don't want to run during the catchup, you can use the [`LatestOnlyOperator`](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow/modules/latestonlyoperator) in your DAG. This operator only runs during the DAG's most recent scheduled interval. In every other DAG run it is ignored, along with any tasks downstream of it.

## Retry tasks

> In Airflow you can set individual tasks to try running again automatically in case of a task failing. The number of times a task can try to run again before failing permanently can be defined at the Airflow configuration level using the core config `default_task_retries`. You can set this configuration either in `airflow.cfg` or via the environment variable `AIRFLOW__CORE__DEFAULT_TASK_RETRIES`. By default tasks will not retry. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Airflow you can configure individual tasks to retry automatically in case of a failure. The number of times a task will retry again before failing permanently can be defined at the Airflow configuration level using the core config `default_task_retries`. You can set this configuration either in `airflow.cfg` or via the environment variable `AIRFLOW__CORE__DEFAULT_TASK_RETRIES`. By default tasks will not retry. 
```

Alternatively, you can deploy a copy of the DAG with a new name and a start date that is the date you want to backfill to. Airflow will consider this a separate DAG so you won't see all the DAG runs and task instances in the same place, but it would accomplish running the DAG for data in the desired time period. If you have a small number of DAG runs to backfill, you can trigger them manually from the Airflow UI and choose the desired logical date as shown in the following image:

> ![Trigger Execution Date](/img/guides/trigger_execution_date.png)

Reviewer: I think this might still be marked as a change because of white space....not a big deal at all, just calling it out in case it's going to be annoying for merge conflicts later with the other PR

Author: Haha, I know, I tried removing the space twice, then then it says one is missing, if I add it back, the added space is the change 😅 not sure how to fix that.
